Feat/let nrfutil device determine jlink expected version (#807)
NordicSemiconductor/pc-nrfconnect-shared: Changelog.md

[Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html) but contrary to it
every new version is a new major version.

## 122 - 2023-11-02

### Fixed

> -   `JLink` warning when using untested JLink version as expected by nrfutil
>     device cli

Reviewer: I'm not really sure what this means.

What about 
```suggestion
-   Check installed JLink version against expected version given by nrfutil instead of the version bundled by launcher.
```
